Early Childhood:- 

I think I define fine self as curious child. Questioning everything and understanding something at fundamental level is my main treat, which sets me apart and become cornerstone for rest of my education. In term of liking, I would love to cook, watch movies, discussing on going development in the worlds with my friends over coffee. Every day watching atleast one podcast for atleast half an hour to stady my self updated with latest trends and developments. And sometimes those topics become great way to strick conversation while in the evevators with strangers.

Majority of the day I am passing by learning something new rightnow. At the one hand I am doing masters in ECE(Electrical and computer engineering) from university of Waterloo. While on the other, I am working on different side projects, just so that it will help me to get better job after graduation. Coding, Assignments, and applying for job, culminated with cooking for your own-self, that how my everyday looks like. 

Talking about what type of person I am, I am little shy, somehow helping to prove hypothesis of good coders are shy, just kidding. I would like to talk my time to get confortable in new and unknown environment. (Some incident which might helps you to connect with this, I am kind of person who would like to spend time by my self, however, few years ago, I had a trip with my friend to Manali "Hillstation in india", before came here to Canada. It was sort of last all friend togehter sort of trip, where my all friends were there. It was memorable for many good reasons. At first I didnot want to go there but at the sametime I couldnot resist my denial against my friends. Camping, Tacking, rock-climbing, River-rafting, Paragliding are the activity that had beed done by my-self. riding on the top of car while climbing velly is another adventure that I would like to add on. Did too many things that I consider not something that  would do it in first place, because of my nature, but later on I start enjoying and understand this one life worth exploring world for.)

Lately, I have develop love for cooking, I think it very much like writing code. Different people have different style of cooking/coding, they arrive at same destination but with different apporach. People are sharing their receipy/solution to others. And when both worked well, it will bring another level of satisfaction. 
 
Ever since I was child, I have found interest in games, also I forgot to mention before that I am competitive in nature. I used to play cricket, football, badminton with my friends. Chess is one of my favourite indoor game, which I learnt from my father. I remember very first day when my father let me introduce to game of chess. At first I was struggling to remember each pieces move, but later with practice I become good at it and beat my father in his own strengths. Later, my interest in chess ended-up following my passion of creating chess. During, my first term at Uwaterloo, in my sparetime, I have created chess-game application from angular. Where my main intention to develop that game was to improve problem solving skills along with refreshing memory with my front-end skills.

Schooling was completed in where I used to lived every since I was born and brought-up. Being curious kids I would always love to ask question at fundamental level. Initially, I found study boring because it involves too much things to remember. But later on, it become interesting because with fundamental knowledge you can answer any question. I completed my higher secondary education with distinction. Where I was awarded for Scoring second highest among all CVM institution, achieve highest marks in physics and mathamatics. Later on, my interest in computer(Growing ups, when I was kid, I used to explore new things, therefore, in order to satisfy my apetite of exploring thing, my father brought new computer at home. as a Kid I wondered how it works but too young to understand this, but always had curiocity about how it actually works) leads me to take computer engineering during my bachelors. Although, bachelors was interrupted by worldwide global pendamic, but I did great during my bachelors. At there I was awarded for being stood amongst top-5. During my bachelors, my goal solely focused on learning new things and how can I apply this to solve problem. Sort of figuring out things kind of mind, which engineer should have. Initally, I was interested in coding. I found of writing code for different problem. My interest leads me to took part in different coding competition, some winning while some lossing by close margin. Took part in google code jam 2021, and successfully made my way to round-2 but because of my on-going examination, I couldnot able to continue after that. During the mid-way of my bachelors, Artificial intelligence and Big-data became biggest buzz words around industry, which again spark my curiocity to learn more about that. In order to closely follow those field, I have started watching youtube videos, following influential people in the industry. I completed, Standford famous video lecture series by prof. Andrew ng. on machine learn. Later on , in order to learn more about deep learning, I followed IITM (Indian instute of Technology, Madras)'s vedio lecture series. during that time I realised that machine learning is combination of, Linear algebra, Multi variate calculas, Probability, Statistics, Optimization and Creativity. Having good skills on mathematics are essential to become expert at AI. Therefore, I have spent quality of my time to consolidate mathamatical concepts. After, building up good foundation for AI, me and my friend were decided to take Deep learning project to futher consolidate our learning and practical skills. Therefore, during 3rd year, me and my friend took project named "Image colorization", where our task is to convert gray black and white looking image to colorized one using GANs (because back in the days GAN was quite popular and only generative model that achieve superior performance). Indeed we successfully able to complete that project, with good image generation. During my years in undergrad, I have made other different projects, such as simulation for enigma, wallbraker game using c++ and UI library, Whatsapp-clone for android and so many more.

During my undergrad, I did two internships. First at Nesco Ltd. It was firm looking for bunch of people who would like to automate their canteen management system. We gather stackholders requirement and proposed solutions. Later on we started working on project based on their requirement. After 1 month of internship we were able to deliever minimum viable product, that they are happy to extend it further based on their need. Before completion of undergrad, I did my second internship at ISRO(Indian Space Research Organization). Where my task was to develop intelligent system to monitor arctic ocean. 
